hello friends this is Rudolph from
Germany with his tenth video as you can
see I'm not at my usual abroad but in
nature I just came out of one of these
potholes which I told you about and I'm
right now completely surrounded by by
Nature
as you can see this is deep deep deep
inside the Black Forest in Germany and
here is one of the hidden portholes
where we tail apart from one planet to
the next or from one dimension to the
next I just came from the South of
France from Balu sir mayor where I spent
a few days the last four days as a
matter of fact and I was just for
example transmitted to this place here
in the middle of the deep black forest
where there is a hidden porthole which I
want to show you about the eddies
it is an area of about 50 yards and in
radius which is it very which has very
low earth magnetism as I told you before
in the videos and in the middle of it
there is a point of about four square
meter which has no power of magnetism at
all there we can stand on
and after we are charged up with
enormous amounts of magnetism right here
in the middle of the forehead which is
there the third is the discord when we
enter this area of no magnetism we
charge and can basically travel to any
part on this planet also inside our
galaxies and far beyond as well in other
dimensions or this I have I think
explained to you before now it's the
first time I will not have to be quiet
but of course there are no humans around
here but there can be other beings these
are the Watchmen of the potholes which
are called forest men these are small
creatures about for 3 to 4 feet tall
very very shy very very rarely seen but
they are watching for tall white aliens
these potholes and report if we do
something which is not supposed to be
done what is not supposed to be done
this revealed the inside of these
portholes but I think I will be quiet
inside the law of the 12 lights of our
revelations to show you the surrounding
area and the entrance of it it's just a
small small hidden Hut in the deep
forests were practically never anybody
and humans come to this I'm not sure you
will have been punished for it because
these videos are publicly seen on
YouTube and of course my brother's the
other tall white aliens will observe
exactly what I'm doing in case I fail in
case I would reveal a secret one of our
holy secrets which we are not supposed
to tell that would result in immediate
punishment and this kind of punishment
is death death
sudden combustion this is not known to
most people it has been only reported
about 10 or 12 times in history that
corpses are have been found on earth
which are combusted burned into ashes
and this is happening to people who are
reveal our secrets and I don't want to
end up like this of course can tell you
this if somebody reveals a secret of the
troglytes like our planet is located the
name of it and location of quarrels and
other secrets they will be sent into one
of these potholes half through knots to
the other end where they can come out as
another beam or another dimension or
they will be stuck in the middle of the
pothole their spirit will be separated
from their other properties and
disappear forever in nothing and the
body will be propelled back onto the
planetread happen in this case if I
would reveal it and I'm on earth they my
body would be propelled back on tour of
thrown onto earth and my father will be
completely burned into ashes so now I
have to make my way back and make it
back to France no sound no no life and I
would charge now my third eye as much as
I can and disappear until next time your
friend from Germany